You have to be loved by a man who has such a head.
Isn't that right, sir?
When you were a man with such a scary face,
you were loved, weren't you?
Look at me and show me a smile.
That's not true.
Well, it's not that you can't leave them in this house,
but the gate is closed, as you can see.
You can't go out with a head.
I won't say no, but if you have a head,
I'll ask you.
Don't say such a long story.
You're two strangers.
You can't stay in this house.
Are you afraid to leave them in this house?
Don't be afraid.
When you're on the hill,
you can take them or hug them.
It's up to you.
If you say something bad,
I'll hug you even if I don't like it.
You can't hug someone you're going to take with you.
I see.
You're a man who's been forced to live in a house
and you don't want to leave.
Sir, this is a good idea.
Please, don't say no.
Or if you're going to leave with a head like this,
I'll tell you.
I'm going on a trip.
Please send me a gift of a straw.
If you're going on a trip,
you can't do anything about it.
If it's a straw,
it's a hassle to say it's a gift.
Let's celebrate with a straw.
That's the good thing about brothers.
Please celebrate with a straw.
But you can't just hit it.
You can't say you want it.
There are two people who will go where they want to go.
You can't say it's a straw.
Sir, I want 100 ryo.
Is 100 ryo enough?
That's cheap.
Bring me the handbag.
Yes.
You're doing something wrong.
You did something wrong.
Here you are.
Here's 100 ryo.
Thank you.
Please thank me.